The branch of service that you should join really depends on the type
of person that you are. Now, I have to say that they all have very similar
jobs. So, you can pretty much join any of them and find something
that you like. However, that's about the limit of their comparison
because for instance, if you join the Navy, let's say as a cook,
you could be on an aircraft carrier going around Italy and Germany
and Spain. If you join the Air Force as a cook, then you might be stationed
on one base, Travis Air Force Base and that's where you work,
that's where you stay, you don't really get to travel so much. You
won't be stationed someplace else. Now, there are army bases, military
bases, navy bases, airforce bases all over the world. So, your opportunity
to travel to foreign places is wide open with any service
that you join. However, many of them don't have that much forward progression
as far as your career. For instance, from what I hear, the
Air Force doesn't really promote as well as some of the, really traveling
military services like the Marines, like the Navy and in fact,
many people join the Air Force and stay in the Air Force for a long
time and even though that's good for the Air Force, they don't have
so much retention problem, it's bad for people that want to really
progress because, for instance, if you want to become, like, an E7
rate, which is a Chief in the Navy, you have to wait for someone else
to either move from the military or be promoted themselves. So, for
instance, with the Air Force, it might take a long time for those
people to leave because, you know, the Air Force is such a great career
progression whereas in the Navy, you have lots of rotation. So,
your chances of being promoted are really high. For the Navy, there
are many opportunities to show your desire to really take on the hard
jobs. So, you could be requested to go fight overseas and if you
take that job on, then they really look high on, the people that promote
you really look high on those opportunities whereas for other things
like the Coast Guard and the Air Force, you might not have as
many opportunities. So, it really depends on what's going on in the
world, where they were at war, whether you're in a job that allows you
to go to harder locations to serve on submarines. Things like that.